I could use this to write random things and maybe come up with ideas. Its a lot easier to come up with ideas if your mind is flowing. 

I need a routine i can use. I need to figure out what i want. Everything i want in the next 5 years and follow that plan. I can't get to where i want to go if i have no idea where that is. 

## What do i Want
### Career
I want to be the top of the hacking community. I want to know the Blue Team as well as the Red Team. I want to be able to program in Python, Bash, and Powershell. I want to build a community and teams of like minded people who want to not just learn cybersecurity but know everything about it. 

### Personal Development
- Leadership Skill
- Self Reflection
- Creativity 
- Intellectual Goals

### Health and Fitness
I want to be strong! I want to start a routine to go to the gym everyday. Even if i'm just walking. I want to put my diabetes in remission. Stop letting my impulses make me eat bad food. I want to just drink water all day. 

### Relationships
I want to build a stronger bond with the girls and share the knowledge i have with them. I want to take them out on dates and get to know them better. I want to get them into things they will enjoy doing like sports or music or photography. 

I want to have a date with Whitney at least once a month. Our relationship is strong so i am not worried about that. I just want to give her things that she needs. I want to be able to just buy her random things because she wants them. 

### Financial
I want to be financially stable. I want to buy a house that is big enough for everyone. I want big rooms for the whole family. I want to create a budget and stick to it. So we have a plan. I need to stay at this job until i am either making enough money with my writing or i get a cybersecurity job. It is up to me to do that. 
